Thank you for coming to the little girl's investigation committee
Now that you're doing it according to the old rules
How about pairs?
Might as well let the next one take the lead this time
Mr. Zheng please
pine leaf bamboo leaf
Ye Yecui
You are a fierce genius
Where? Where?
What's there to worry about, just go and give them a hard one, bro?
If you don't go, who will go?
Don't you always say that you are a scholar?
Go to although I am a scholar
But I never said I would be right
If it's better than poetry, I can try it
Oops, I don't need you for poetry
OK
Hey
I thought how capable I was
Ph.D. in mechanics
That's it
Just a bunch of trash
They did it. Come on. Let's keep it coming.
Ah, sitting stiff and gentle movements
And that professional smile
I don't think so.
It is rumored that this red-sleeved girl's lover Shuangjue seems to be well-deserved.
But pairs are not my strong suit.
It seems that you have to find another way to soak in Oirui